README.md, before:

Hi there 👋,

I am a 🧔 Geek; 👨‍💻 Hacker; 🤓 Sysadmin; 🐧 Linuxer; 🍥 Debian Developer; 🐪 Perl Coder (don't let GitHub's statistic tell you anything else :wink:); PGP/GnuPG User; 🥷‍⌨ Command Line Aficionado; ⌨ Mechanical Keyboard and 🖲 Trackball Nerd; MSc in Computer Science (with Biology as minor); 🎤 Podcaster; 👨‍💻 Blogger; 🗫 Speaker; 🕮 Author; 🦆 2CV, CX, 🔌 CityEL, and Campervan Driver; 🚴 Recumbent and Brompton Bicyclist; Mensa Member; convinced 🚭 Non-Smoker and Non-Drinker; born in 🇩🇪 Germany; living in Zürich, 🇨🇭 Switzerland; … (Details on https://axel.beckert.ch/.)

[![Axel Beckert's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/?username=xtaran&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=flag-india&layout=compact)](https://github.com/xtaran/)

<!--
**xtaran/xtaran** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Starred repositories are usually just bookmarks

README.md, after:

Hi there 👋,

I am a 🧔 Geek; 👨‍💻 Hacker; 🤓 Sysadmin; 🐧 Linuxer; 🍥 Debian Developer; 🐪 Perl Coder (don't let GitHub's statistic tell you anything else :wink:); PGP/GnuPG User; 🥷‍⌨ Command Line Aficionado; ⌨ Mechanical Keyboard and 🖲 Trackball Nerd; MSc in Computer Science (with Biology as minor); 🎤 Podcaster; 👨‍💻 Blogger; 🗫 Speaker; 🕮 Author; 🦆 2CV, CX, 🔌 CityEL, and Campervan Driver; 🚴 Recumbent and Brompton Bicyclist; Mensa Member; convinced 🚭 Non-Smoker and Non-Drinker; born in 🇩🇪 Germany; living in Zürich, 🇨🇭 Switzerland; … (Details on https://axel.beckert.ch/.)

Usually ⭐ starred git repositories are just bookmarks, not endorsements.

[![Axel Beckert's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/?username=xtaran&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=flag-india&layout=compact)](https://github.com/xtaran/)

<!--
**xtaran/xtaran** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
